Mom, that's what I've been called since I was a kid
I have always regarded you as my biological mother
But when did you consider me your own daughter?
I'm not even as good as this adopted daughter
Mom was wrong
Mom will be nice to you in the future, okay?
Don't doubt whether your mother is good or not.
I'm really your mother
Mom
I just suspected Luoxue before
Is May your illegitimate daughter?
You're reacting so violently right now
I arrive
I wonder if I'm your biological daughter
Liang Yunsong
Take it for a paternity test together?
You just wanted to be me and Xunmei before
Paternity test?
Yes, you hit it yourself.
If I find something wrong with my paternity report
Then it's not up to me.
Take away yes
Please mom
Miss no
Emperor
What should we do next, Lord God Emperor?
You first transfer some people from Tongzhong
Total control of the property market group
Check the previous accounts carefully
In the past few years after my father's death, it was all about Luo Xunmei
Sir, I don't trust him